What do you mean?
You mean this person is fake?
Exactly.
I told you
How could he let the four families' businesses go bankrupt?
No bankruptcy is no bankruptcy
It turned out to be a good show played by Mr. Xue and this village mansion.
Oh, yeah.
With Mr. Xue's endorsement
Then the identity of this woman cannot be doubted
Then manipulate everything in the name of the true god behind it
Mr. Xue, Mr. Xue
How miserable you deceived us!
So everything about the Gu family is very likely that the empress wants to leave
Lie to you, Han?
How dare you impersonate the empress?
My family has always respected the empress
Willing to follow the lead for the empress
You, a villager, probably don't know what kind of god you are pretending to be
But to offend is to offend.
Mr. Xue, I'm going to have him at your venue today
Do you have an opinion?
Don't you dare
Do you think I dare to go under the general?
Did you know that he is
The Xia family has been in close contact with Fuso Kingdom recently
I can't reveal my identity
You watch from the inside.
Everything has been done, what do you want?
Marry your head
See your father
I see who dares